Some refinements and additions (#166)
WICG/scroll-to-text-fragment: EXTENSIONS.md

### Why use the WebAnnotations syntax?

> There're a few advantages to reusing the already existing syntax offered by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few advantages to reusing the already existing syntax offered by
```

Author: Fixed throughout.
